# MSTU5013 Project

**Description:** Becca Rosenberg and Mary Babin will be creating an app that is designed for parents of students to understand better what their children are learning in school. There currently is an application called "Remind," but it only gives out the homework or other announcements that the teacher wishes to give. This application will have a built-in learning process for the parent in order to help them understand the content and skills that go along with the homework so that they are better able to support their child at home.

- **What is the learning problem that your web-app/experience will solve?**
    - The learning problem will be to teach the parents what the students are learning. For instance, many times parents (1) don't know what the homework is for the students, and (2) don't know how to help their students with the work - usually since much time has passed since they themselves learned the concept. This app will inform or notify the parents of the homework that the students have, and then it will provide a learning experience for the parents with sources on how to best help their students.
- **What is it that you are going to build (e.g. content, features, and user interactions afforded?)**
    - We are going to build a platform similar to what was stated above. There will be a sign-up for the parents to complete in order to be involved within the process. Then, the parents will get a notification when there have been updates to the homework. Once notified, they will be able to go to the application, and it will inform them of the homework and provide sources that are quick tutorials or other helpful practice resources and demonstrations. The parents can choose which source they wish to use. There will also be a question and answer section, which will go to the teacher.
- **What kind of data will you need from your users (i.e. taken directly or indirectly - to collect, save, analyze, manipulate, share, etc.) and how will this relate to the user's understanding?**
    - The data needed will be full name of parent, student, class period of student, email, and cell-phone. This will allow the parent to sign up for e-mail notifications. Parents will be able to use provide links to external resources, and can input further questions for the teacher. Parents will be able to see eachother's questions and the teacher response that is published, so if any parents have similar questions they are able to search for keywords and find answers to questions that have already been asked. 
